(ambient music)
- The logic behind the creation of X3
has to do with the fact
that you are seven times stronger
than you know you are.
That's based on biomechanics
and variable resistance.
Let me show you.
Right here, you are seven times stronger
than you are right here.
The curve is not linear in the middle.
Therefore, we change the weight with X3
so that we hold the
lighter weight back here
where the joints are compromised
and more likely to injure,
and we hold a very
powerful weight out here
where you are capable
of producing that force.
This means that you
get a much deeper level
of fatigue, and with that
deeper level of fatigue
comes a more aggressive rate of growth.
People can put on 20 pounds
of muscle in six months.
We've seen that with many
of the tens of thousands of users.
The problem with lifting regular weights
is we don't get that seven-fold stimulus,
the possibility of triggering more growth,
by handling force appropriate
to the range of motion we're in.
For example, when you're
lifting a regular weight,
you pick the weight that you can handle
back here in your weakest position.
When you're in your strongest position,
you're hardly using any muscle at all.
That's when the most muscle
is capable of firing.
You're really only training
your weakest position,
which doesn't mean it doesn't translate
into strength in the
stronger range of motion,
but it does mean you're
firing the least amount
of tissue possible and
taking the least amount
of tissue to fatigue in that experience.
There are some companies
that are trying to draft
off of our success
by selling just bands by themselves.
The problem is you have two choices.
You have a very light-weight band,
which is kinda like a
rehab-type of weight,
20 pounds or something like that.
That's not gonna stimulate any growth.
When I do a chest press with this bar,
I'm over 500 pounds at
peak; 540, actually.
When somebody trains with just bands,
they're either going too light,
or if they try and use
a heavier set of bands,
this happens, because the
band wants to be a circle.
It doesn't have the bar to
conform to a straight line,
which we interface with
straight and flat very well.
There's also a ground
plate that you stand on
with X3 that creates a ground,
so if you're doing a dead lift or a squat,
your ankles are not bending inward.
Ask a football player
if the ankle likes lateral force.
It doesn't.
We cancel all that out
with the bar and the plate
so that joints are straight,
they're always comfortable,
and you can produce
the proper levels of force with X3
to trigger that aggressive
level of growth.
You wanna learn any more,
please read the science
page on the website.